a lot of people well oh by the way I
just thought dressed like this guy just
came from the Hall of Fame induction
ceremony Olaf a himself greatest
renouncer of all time Howard Finkel
thank you
I I can't say anything good thank you
that means coming from you my friend
that means a lot but also please we
welcome you to wrestlemania 26 van
access of looking out here at this great
sea of WWE Universe fans what goes
through your mind it's a lot of people
here yes it's a that's pretty awesome
and I think like all these superstars
that I just like to thank the WWE
Universe for their support for me in the
best fans know when you enter WWE rings
man back then did you you you were you
entered and what happened was that the
dark ages no it's not the dark ages but
it was around it was around 1998 okay
and you were involved in WrestleMania 14
now we have 12 more in our bank as of
tomorrow night you're a person's since
you have been in the WrestleMania mix of
WrestleMania and how it's even blossom
bigger than Elvis's it just keeps on
getting bigger and bigger and bigger and
of course the the access is something
that we had done for a little while then
that was all hey it is now it's back and
it's huge this the whole
week now it's just unbelievable and all
this stuff and of course you know we're
gonna be out there in front of 65 70
thousand people and it's just
unbelievable it is and by the way you
know I heard you talking about
Undertaker before last man last year at
WrestleMania was in my opinion the
greatest wrestling message I've ever
seen all right between Undertaker and
Shawn Michaels and so I just I can't
imagine what tomorrow is going to be
like between those two you want to uh
let's put you on the spot take up time
before we talk about your match all
right you talked about it let's do it
who do you like tomorrow the career
versus the streak
yeah I'm sorry for all the hbk fans were
here
especially now to it especially I think
that it's uh you know what uh pinfalls
or submissions that's the only way
riding contest so I mean that's even